As I sat on the subway, waiting for my stop to arrive, I looked down and saw a dainty pair of feet. The skin was dark and frail with age, an aspect I hadn't noticed at first. Instead what I saw was the floral strap reminiscent of pink sakura blossoms and the pristine nails, the cream straps encircling a dainty ankle, and how small the foot was, poised on the curve of the tan wedge supporting it. However, as I followed the lines of the foot into the leg and noticed the protruding girth beneath a white and red-floral dress, I recognized a stereotypical dichotomy between the woman's body and the point of her feet. Later, once I was standing, I noted her flat, duck lips and her downcast eyes, the round face, and her brittle black hair combed and curled about her head. How strangely she matched.

But that is a later moment. After noticing her feet and unusual structure, the doors of the train opened and in flooded more passengers. Among them, I glimpsed a cotton dress of wide horizontal stripes in pink, orange, and white. In that first glimpse, I saw the darkened skin of a young teen exposed in the shoulder and curve of a neck, and recognized the thin, scrawny body of one no older than twelve or thirteen. The age escapes me, once I noticed the height and lack of chest in the subject. It seemed like a boy, then I considered that it might be a girl. I strove to catch a glimpse of this new subject's face. In my pursuit, I met the warm black eyes of their mother.

She was a tall woman, her refinement apparent in the loose floral folds of her shirt, her jeans, and the yellow short-heeled sandals appearing a simple complement. Such simple and adequate taste was rare to me. And when we gazed at one another, for the briefest of moment, it seemed she understood me and what I was trying to do. There was no judgment in either of us. I smiled for her son beguiled me. In fact, I affirmed to myself that her child was a boy once I finally stood. Previously, I had watched the boy swing from his mother's side and the outline of his face had both a masculine and feminine quality. But at last, while standing and after positioning myself to get through the crowd and doors at the next stop, I saw clearly the boy's face. Still, he could pass for a girl with his fanning lashes and almond-shaped black eyes. His hair was short, shaved near the nape and bounced about atop his head. The angle of his jaw was straight and his chin pointed with a dull tip. His lips were flat and sweet, and his smile was lovely.

I was aware he could still be a she for his features were soft. But I told myself, I insisted, and by this insistence I must be strange, I needed him to be a he. Maybe it was because of how happy and innocent he seemed. Maybe it was how conditioned boys are in the US to be "boyish". Maybe it was my need to see people open and accepted. I wad filled with happiness and pride when I saw him, and accordingly fixated on him.

Whether he is a boy or girl though, such a fact I cannot confirm for that would be rude and I dare not offend, which means I must keep a delusional fancy, if that be truly what it is. I don't like such things. My only explanation can be a distaste for the imagination despite the active nature of my own.