I decided to combine two old posts as they seemed synonymous in my head after I observed the second one, My Snow White. In the second post, I referred back to the first one, Mama and Her Girlfriend, in a vague sense, or so I feel. In the very least, I was thinking of Mama and Her Girlfriend as I reached the end of My Snow White.

Mama and Her Girlfriend

From back in China on 19 Sep 2015.

Just now, I saw a little boy come on the train with two women and two older women. He got separated from the older women for a moment, veering to the right. One of the women grabbed him and he jerked away, rounding her to cling to the other woman, and I thought of disappointment.

There is a similar story I have. It's the essential notion of who is your true parent. This one is simple and mundane. "Mama and Her Girlfriend" is about a woman whose children prefer her girlfriend over herself. For some reason, they think of her girlfriend as their true mother, and her as their mother's partner.

In another story, two women have been close since childhood. The wittier of the two has always been infatuated with her best friend. When her friend's husband becomes abusive and her friend is desperate to keep him away from the 
children, she seizes the opportunity, offering herself and her home to the displaced trio. Unlike their mother who's a little slow, the children recognize the woman's infatuation, though more puzzling, recognize the woman as their true father figure and rightful partner to their simple, slow-witted mother.

My Snow White

From back in China on 30 Oct 2015.

Yesterday, before class, two of my girls were running around in princess costumes: [Merida] from Brave and Snow White.

The girl in Snow White is a dark girl, her color reminiscent of milk chocolate. She is thin and lanky, with the impression of height despite being the same height as those her age. She has clear eyes, wide and when she smiles, they crinkle at their edges as she laughs like a doll from the movies involved in a mischievous trick. Her features are long but petite and I can imagine that she'd have a wild kind of beauty when she is older.

On her costume were two ties, the large satin sash in the back and the lace-up strings in the front. While her mother tied the back, she left the front dangling. Anyone who tried to coax her closer, she would deny, declaring she did not want them tied.

However, I had another student. She was a girl with a large smile and round face, her eyes having the tendency to become narrow slits. She is of a lighter color and not as thin, giving the impression of a sporty disposition. Though she had no costume, her personality was fit for a pirate and I thought it a shame she lacked such apparel.

She stopped the other girl and to my amazement, little Ms. Snow White held still as her classmate tied the front strings. Thereafter, she did not even undo the knot, and so I was reminded of two girls with an affinity for each other, growing up to be friends with lover behaviors, blind to its presence. In my head, I heard the child declaring "She's mine" and such words being taken for granted, and that while growing up, she would be the only one who could tell her friend what to do, if no one else could get through the other girl's stubborn head. However, this did not mean that they were best friends or in any way, "exclusive" to one another, and so, that is why I find such connection intriguing. Without the romantic or physical love to have yet linked them, and lacking a close friendship, to call another 'mine' at such an age and still see them as friend and person, I find that intriguing. It is possible, and only possible for I have yet to hear such a story.

I wonder about this story and my notion of the two women, and to me, it would hold more meaning if their relationship were more like this in childhood than the stereotypical best friends that grew up and later found love in each other.