From back in China, the morning of 17 Jan 2016.

This morning, an odd occurrence woke me up. It was nothing physical. Actually, it was of a psychological, if not hallucinatory nature. While I can vaguely recall my fleeting dreams about an engagement to a man that had no care for me, which despite their obscurity remain interesting, I can distinctly recall what apparition woke me. In those few moments it happened, I realize I was already waking up, caught in that twilight state between consciousness and the lack of it. My mind projected an eerie blackness so impenetrable that it reminded me of the phrase "night's curtain." This darkness was so unnervingly close to me as I lay on my side, my head bowed on the pillow, I gazed at it warily and saw that there was a dim illumination from somewhere attempting to reach into it as if a candle might've been lit behind or beside me. A figure head appeared and it was slowly getting closer and closer to the edge of the bed. And suddenly, it was there in my bedroom, a grotesque head on shoulders. It was a man's head, pockmarked as if his face were made from white coral, but agitated and swollen. His eyes were black and bulbous as he stared right at me, his mouth slightly agape as if caught in mid-cry. It was reminiscent of those that have been impaled.

I had such a start in my chest, yet I did not actually move until I saw that right in front of my face maggots were writhing in hundreds, a mix of white and blood-coated red.

Then I imagined a familiar woman crawling up my legs. She was not actually familiar though with her flaking charred skin, her desperate, horror-filled eyes and her thin lips parted to reveal no teeth, no gums or tongue, just a gaping black hole as she stared down at me. At that moment, I knew I was unquestionably awake, feeling her advance further, given I was lying in bed and I could make out my bedroom clearly. I sat up, allowing the abhorrent visions to process. They did not abate, but at least I didn't feel paralyzed by them. Something in me or my mind alone registered that they were only visions of horror. Still, I could not shake them out and knew I was compelled to recount this strange experience.

Honestly, hours prior, I had vaguely wished that I would wake up early if I could. It occurred to me that, while I was in essence forced to be awake, it could have been a subconscious answer. Alarms don't work on me, and I can equate such a subconscious response to what dependence I once had as a teenager. For example, if I was looking for keys, a bracelet, or trying to answer some problem, whether logical, moral, mathematical, psychological or literary, regardless I would wake in the same twilight state, in which I would witness an answer. If my question was simple, such as with lost keys or the bracelet, I would wander the house inside my dream, my eyesight flashing between memory and present navigation, making the world flicker violently and frequently. Nevertheless, I would figure out where the lost item was located. In another respect, such as for a psychological problem, my answer would be a scene almost exactly like reality, much like the simulations, or rather thought experiments, I was accustomed to performing as a child and teen. However, there was no what-if or conscious control, and in this manner, I got an answer that I could choose to ignore or follow.

I had wished to wake early. Alarms don't work. Such an abhorrent sight effectively kept me awake.

However, there is another possibility that I fear is more relevant to what had been used to construct it. Yesterday, while riding the train, I noticed a woman whose face was half-deformed, so-to-speak. One half was perfectly fine. She was bone thin, her cheeks hollow, skin dark and she was a short small woman. Her face was ordinary until she turned her head. The other half of her face had no distinct features due to gigantic purple lumps obscuring her eye and nose. The lumps resembled clumps of purple yam paste, except that they were oily and had a more fleshy, pockmarked texture. I kept sneaking glances at this woman, both intrigued and horrified by her face. I wanted to stare at it, wanted to commit it to memory. And I did. I feel a bit guilty, if only to admit that it was her sheer ugliness that attracted me. That, I know is bad, or in the very least, rude.